321 welcome
to meeting six. It's the 25th of
1120. Twenty only person not in
attendance is Madeline Dupree.
We haven't had any update on
what she's doing, so we might
have to reassign the bits that
she was doing on the project.
Yeah, yeah.
Alright.
Update wise I saw that a few
commits last night.
So thank God.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah yeah yeah I
did the roles section.
So did the role section.
Yeah, did the roles and I
can't remember updated
something else. Yeah yeah. I
think I saw two updates on.
Yeah.
Oh, I tried to. I did my.
I'm seeing my group group
reflection and then I tried
to. I tried to upload it to
to get to the to the repo
and then you know that that
folder that says files yeah?
There was no document there.
There was only like those Google
Chromes icons. So I might be set
to the website branch and not
the yeah, yeah so yeah. So just
swap your branch back and then
yeah yeah yeah, Oh yeah yeah Oh
yeah, true yeah yeah everybody
quite the contributions form
that was posted up on the
Meetings tab last night. Not
yeah I can do that now. Yeah,
yeah I did it already yet so I
just put in the same as what we
did last time. They even share.
Unless anybody wants to
change it.
I'm good. Yeah should be fine,
yeah? So it's in the meetings
tab, was it? Yeah yeah I the
PDF Yep. Oh no, it should
just be a yeah yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll do that.
Say that's already up.
If I don't hear from Madeline,
should I just submit it anyway?
Gorgeous signature
like I could, I.
But then if she turns, if it
turns out that she's actually
unenrolled from the course,
there could be some.
Raised about that, why
don't we just like send
them a message on teams?
I said it like 3 message on
teams and I saw a canvas today.
I don't think she's checking any
team notifications 'cause she
hasn't really responded to
anything. She's been tagged in.
Yeah, right? Because.
Come.
Come tomorrow we like yeah.
Plus, sorry, what was that?
I will, 'cause we're probably
missing the group reflection
part as well from here, so yeah.
Sore
at this stage. I don't believe
that we're going to hear from
her before Friday. Yeah,
yeah, I guess we could
always just resubmit it
if you hear from him.
Oh, I'm not gonna submit it till
the absolute deadline on Friday,
but I don't think I'm gonna like
so if she comes back on and like
oh, I'm here I've got my
reflection. Then yeah, I can
add it, yeah, but I believe
we're gonna have to do any
modules that were assigned
to her from the documents.
Nothing just.
That would be nice
if like that asks.
It would be nice if Anthony or
Tim would let us like say, hey
this person is unenrolled 'cause
they know how drops out.
Fat
yes.
Now you know I would just at.
At matter again, on Discord on
teams and yes, and see if she
replies to her.
Yeah. So pretty sure she like
she's got a personal teams that
personal Discord account add to
our group. Yeah.
Um, she's normally listed
offline even when she's there.
Just never know.
I'll just tag it now. Maybe the
Max shut down.
Well, I think it was only
like last week we last heard
from us. So we.
Last last Wednesday. Yeah,
she didn't realize that the
meeting date changed last
week 'cause she didn't check.
Check for the updates.
Just kidding.
Your fairness I need to ask on
Monday, so yeah.
Bat. Yeah, well, it's all good
in the hood.
I'll start writing up that time
frame, think tomorrow.
Yep.
And I'll start. I think she was
doing testing as well. Yeah, she
was doing testing time frame.
Yeah alright those up tomorrow I
can give you a hand with that.
How?
I know that I think that's
everything. I just pretty much
assemble the report. I'll do all
the grammar checks, I'll update
everything, anything from the
report on the website.
Hopefully have the bulk of that
done tomorrow so you can see it.
I still have to do some of that
plans in progress. I haven't
finished it yet. This if you.
There's a few, uh.
Sections there that I am.
You're working on that with
Samuel, aren't you, yeah.
Wait, let me just open it really
quickly. Just give me a second.
Cancel programmers, yeah, I
haven't done updating Maps on
that 'cause I was trying to do
the other stuff. Yeah, 'cause I
was doing them. I was doing them
by myself so I thought I'd do
them. Trust and then I can
collaborate later with the other
stuff. Yeah, yeah, um.
Do we wanna sit this one
light or do we wanna go
for the Friday at 11:59?
Mass will go for Friday.
Yeah yeah, I'm happy to do
it Friday, yeah?
The 10% loss I don't think will
we get a full product with a 10%
loss of probably the same as you
submit it Friday? Yeah, yeah.
So we just submit at the
normal time they don't want
you to have information. I
think. I think we got it done.
We got.
Like the other groups, yeah?
I have to say about the other
groups got marked for having
half the **** that we did on the
last assignment. Yeah I yeah.
But it's you know that's 40
percent 30%. This would be good.
Yeah.
That's a pass. Basically,
for anybody that didn't do
assessment for.
Well, that's not all sitting
there. I was talking to
Shannon. I'm like, oh **** I
never submitted anything for
assessment for.
Do you still get like 50% off?
Yeah, I'll just yeah.
I'll let them know my
understanding by just not
submitting anything.
Just put in your group
reflection. What do you think
could have been better?
Better grades for the group.
The group participation.
On the normal course.
Set alarm
yeah. Once everyone
gets it functions in.
Just compile it again like it
did last time, yeah.
No, yeah, so I'm doing the
report. Then I'm doing the
website so you won't see much
activity on the website and
portal. Probably late Thursday
or Friday morning.
Should have.
I'm all those those makeup
sections I should have sold.
I'll make an effort on.
Wanda, sorry I should
have a few.
Like all the first section, you
know, like all that, personal
information, group process,
career plans, all that we gonna
reuse. All of that is, yeah,
I've already used that. OK, cool
yeah. So reused all that I'm
just just waiting on the project
stuff from you guys.
Yeah. But I think I can continue
without the that you're working
on. The Big Multi page section
together with their my boys.
Yeah yeah. So I'll wait for
that. I'll just put a
placeholder in on both of those
until I'm here until you have
done so. That to give you
maximum amount of time.
Yeah, just done that on that on
that one. If you guys can just
have a look on that I'm in in in
that document where it says
software implemented I just gave
like a very like general
description of the software that
we used. But if you can just
type something there just you
know, like. Have yeah like how
do you implement the Figma Ann
Bravo Studio? Yeah, just maybe
so we can.
Keep like a better explanation
or. What we did.
I could do that. Just tag me in
a in a comment on teams or
something. Oh yeah, so I
remember. Yeah, no worries
yeah well just give the
business mobile a call.
This business mobile now.
Show me your business, my mom.
Give him my mobile number.
Hassle me all the time.
But I'll just start answering it
at Low City morgue.
You kill him, we chill.
So I think we're going
alright, so we're so
everybody's done. All the
sections that their
section sorry, or is
anyone except for?
Except for the big one, the big
one, that's it. Yeah, I need to
do the group reflection as well,
so just plans in progress. We're
waiting on. Yeah, I mean, yeah.
I'm just here.
Hello, are you still doing tools
and tech? I'm just going to
quickly run through with. You
could just to make sure I didn't
miss anything very much to it,
but did you change that we're
using the finger mirror? And
what was that Bravia studio?
Yeah, big market problems.
'cause you can export from Figma
straight to that and create your
app. OK cool I had I had
an open tunes and shortcut on
there but yeah it is that are we
going to use those on the
project as well?
There's more for the
presentation. It's more for
presentation in, but will
listen because will say that
we used in for graphics and
animations even for the yeah,
and then you only hardware
that I had like. Yeah, that's
what isn't a normal computer.
I've got the graphical
tablet. Do you need any
other? We just need an
Android phone and iPhone and
Android tablet. And I, uh,
you know a krapfl tablet.
But most of the stuff about the
computer was all open source. I
might even just add some links
on the end of them. Yeah, I did
hear probably virtual machines
as well for like the server side
stuff there. Yeah.
Apple side of things.
An oh, Oh yes Sir. The
Webscraper tutorials yeah yeah.
And enter the. But it says
the licenses I just get
everything freeware or open
source, open source or
stolen. Just put dinner.
The office suite.
And Windows 8 Pro free number of
business licenses. Yeah, we we
down that we sourced it all from
thepiratebay. Yeah yeah it's all
legit am it softly.
Hello. It's in beta stage, so
it's not theoretically
commercial use yet. Yeah, and
then we don't have to use
VMware. We could use VirtualBox,
that's free. Yeah, it's OK.
It's also good, I guess, yeah.
Where is section in then they
gonna be like what's VirtualBox?
Let's see him Lee.
I had more success with VM Ware
for the Mac, but them at the
end, but VirtualBox actually
does work well with.
Windows and Windows Linux.
OK, and then so food purchases.
We we just heard similar
hardware, yes similar yeah.
Purchasing it or renting it and.
And we need don't forget to add
our company vehicles that were
Victoria Ferrari each.
**** you up. Yeah.
A Ferrari that uses extra fuel
because we don't like electric
cars or the environment.
But I I just try to Volvo 440 so
I I cut a bit of the budget on
that one for myself. Yeah yeah.
So 'cause he drives a Volvo we
gave him like a one off cash
disbursement for the remainder
of the balance for the Ferrari
that goes in his own pocket.
To use for whatever he wants.
So by buying a whole bunch
of greater lab headphones,
pretty much.
Gold plated headphones, yeah.
24 karat gold headphones and
microphone and baffle gold
Golden baffle, yeah.
First time using
microphone. It's like made
out of all that stuff.
With peripherals.
Peripherals like keyboard. I
yeah we need to fix keyboards.
60 Hertz. Extra RGB for
that. Plus we needed a
receptionist.
I just don't know how far they
want you to go. That's all
like I think it's just. It's
just the hardware that you're
gonna do. So like, yeah, you
don't have to worry about
lifting any computer hardware.
You can just say we've been
using computers like desktops
or laptops. And then obviously
that includes peripherals.
Yeah, otherwise we definitely
need a 3D metal printer and a
3D plastic extruder printer.
Deadly yeah, so we can make our
own ninja stars.
And swords and stuff in the
in the workshop.
The last section was just on
group members prior experience.
O yeah yeah.
Just put everybody is 0.
No one no got there, so yeah,
Adams done all this **** before.
Rest of us Zeb 0 help doing
just just put me at 0. So
then I've got no
responsibility whatsoever.
I know previous experience
ahead like drawing in a
notepad during mass in
school or phone development
background. I think it was
more aimed at the previous
experience. Prior
experience with the
software and hardware.
Oh I just ate some basic
motor it.
Experience model we have an
understanding. Yeah, we
don't. Modern understanding
never used it.
'cause I don't write phone apps.
Like
the only thing I've ever
actually used for is VirtualBox.
The rest of it.
First time ever using it.
I even try not to use Apple
devices as much as possible.
Troy, why Matt is not
here. She got annoyed if
you leave out of Apple.
Thank you for that Mac that I
got that recently. Just the
other week that will come the
cat **** office. Yeah well I
cleaned it right. It looks at
the board looks Immaculate but
and I'm like it's all burnt. Why
is it all been so? I asked him
how many times did you try to
turn it on or after it did I
left it for about 20 minutes.
Thought you know and just dry it
with a towel and then I turned
it on and left it on overnight.
When the screen wasn't
working, so burnt out that
all the all the capacitors
that power the screen.
Sounds like yeah, you're only
getting your data back.
Yeah, he's a brochure of, you
know other things you can get.
Yeah well, whenever cover
peoples Mac data I always
put it on a Windows
formatted hard drive.
I don't want and then sometimes
they bring it back. Or can you
change this so that it will work
properly on my Mac? I'm like
yeah, but it's cost extra.
And like a smack, people are
used to getting, you know,
like screwed over by Apple,
which will just tell him now
we can't get your data back
there. They're happy to pay
the extra for me just to
change the petition and copy
of the data Bank.
I said I do. It is windows to
try and hint at him just to go
buy a Windows machine, 'cause
you can repair it.
Like
how many Evos?
A graphic designer.
Or
something along those
lines is graphic.
Everything that they use on the
Mac, like the Adobe Creative
Suite, runs under Windows and
actually can run better under
Windows because you've got
better graphic card support than
on a Mac.
I like, they say, about the
screen, but what's stopping
you buying a hot yeah 4K
screen for your computer?
Pretty sure the numax 'cause
they've changed. CPU chipset yet
doesn't actually support.
Doesn't support Adobe Photoshop
at the moment.
Yeah, yeah. I mean it runs, but
I think 'cause it's only just
come out like I think. Then
they came out a week ago or two
weeks ago. Yeah, they changed
the I'm processor, did they?
Yeah, they're not using Intel
anymore. Yeah? 'cause too many
security holes and not using
the X86 and alot alot of the
like apps that people use.
The apps that people used on
Mac, like they didn't do well
with Hyperthreading, yeah?
I'm sorry, so like Pro Tools and
all those kind of programs and
like final Cut and even some of
the Adobe stuff didn't work well
with Hyper Threading. Yeah.
Claire
but I don't know that this is
the only thing I found that
people like using on a Mac is
like the video editing. They got
one video tool that works great
only when they only make it for
a Mac, and that's why people
that do like video editing and
stuff like the Max.
For everything else, you can
just run the Windows version on
it. Yeah, some, some programs do
work better, like Pro Tools and
those kind of programs. They do
work on Windows, but a lot of
the support is built into the.
The Mac stuff.
Exam traditionally there
were like in Mac exclusive
like Company.
Back in the 90s is the grass is
greener on the other side I
think is they used to have have
dedicated like hardware like DSP
engines and that and then around
like 10 years ago or maybe 11
years ago. They they made like a
native version. Yeah, they they
added Windows support for that
as well. When the processes kept
spit up and they didn't need
custom cards. Yeah, pretty much.
Yeah well alright so if that's
everything covered on the
meeting. If nobody has any other
questions already recording
here. I'm also what I might
just like add a little bit
more for in progress is to
ask them tips so there's a
few sections I put here. Like
I put updates and changes. So
was there any like updates
while you were developed?
That user interface likely to
make any changes or anything.
Not just so I can write it
down in the processors.
No no.
When I think about plans in
progress during the update, I
think I was originally were
thinking of changing the data
within and we change it to
scraping data instead. Yeah.
Around the region.
Originally we were going to use
my sleep to the API. Originally
we're going to use a
combination of the API and
scraping in the original
project design.
You just change the purely
scraping. Yes, scraping yeah.
He always pioneers.
And they changed their
API too much, so it's
not worth using it.
So it helps not having to
update so often. Yeah, yeah,
to help it work, we only have
to update when they change
the design of Facebook.
Yeah, when you log in and
it's all change, that's the
only time will have to
update. Or if they move
things.
Umm is there any like user
interface changes or anything
you put in there which what
wasn't in the original design?
Was VPN guards red button?
Even bigger.
OK, so added in the free version
in the free version we advertise
VPN. It's OK, we don't.
We're not selling the data,
we're just doing blind, blindly
targeted ads because.
We already know what our
audience is interested in, so we
don't have to datamine or
anything with the app they just
built in to use VPN and VPN ads.
Yeah, cool.
So it's like the old school
Internet ads that was just like
a banner that you had to click
on and and they just got traffic
that way and people signed up.
That was it. Yeah, yeah cool. So
I should be able to.
Yeah, sorry, I should be able to
change something out through
that. It isn't UI examples that
I posted the ad, yeah.
Yeah, so we can do that in a.
Anything for testing
features an.
So we disable. Is there any like
testing methods that we used or
like different testing versions
available? Um, 'cause my sister
just gotta make up.
Yeah, so I could probably make
something up there, 'cause why?
Alpha testing and beta testing,
yeah, will be open there.
Open to people on the App Store
for that here are testing take
place with people actually using
it after we get us.
For testing was just ask using
the app. Yep Yep, beta testing
is when we opened it up on the
store with nightly update button
nightly builds for the betas as
we fix things that get reported.
And then I'll go to full
open open, which then
there will be a paid for
option and the free tier.
Cool.
Because. It's alright for people
that know how to use it to test
it, but then you need people
that have no idea. Looking
for input in.
Is George must be cold over
there in South Park?
Yeah, pretty warm here and
money. Yeah yeah my my option to
add the background disappeared
now so I can't do it anymore. I
could just disappear it again.
Did you get a new camera?
No, no, it's the same same
computer, just different
lighting and stuff though. Yeah,
so it looks like we're in has
yes, and I'm also there's
natural light in here, but so
little bit more shadowy and
stuff. So I was in a pretty dank
room before. So is it like a
basement or something?
No, it's just like a CD room
with like a really small window
CD room. OK, yeah.
I was like I don't know what it
wasn't like a bedroom or office.
It was just like a storage room
'cause we're in a small house
with with my wife and she she
does like online lessons for
Japanese teaching so she like
she was like the breadwinner at
that time she was.
Chevy rarity, yeah? So sometimes
those in there. If you notice
it. Bring one up it.
That couple of times actually,
yeah, yeah. So she wasn't busy.
I'd be in that room, so yeah
anyway. Nana
so I think, and then what? Stage
you are too so we can say we're
up to the still in Alpha testing
stage, yeah? Yeah.
So hopefully you get a better
idea. I might try to write a lot
of that into the time frame
table that will do tomorrow.
Yeah yeah yeah. Better idea as
well. At the time frame was
really important to be done for
all the testing and stuff.
So I'll get it. I'll work on
that as soon as I can get a
table done up with the.
Was it the four weeks we had
plus four weeks after?
Yep. Yeah, yeah.
Alright, I'll go that Rd up and
yeah yeah we want it work.
Yeah.
And I mean if anyone feels like
they can contribute to the.
Plans in progress thing like if
you were more aware of like a
certain procedure or anything
and you've got a little bit of
time just done throwing a couple
dot points or whatever they may
be useful. But 8:00 AM.
We have testing as well in that
document that plans in progress.
Is that the same?
Is that the same that what
Maddie was going to be
doing that testing?
Yeah, so this is testing
features and our user interface,
so I just went with like what
was in the plans of plans and
progress. Wants to know how
we're gonna test it.
And then testing. I think once
the results of the tests.
Yeah, OK, so pretty much with
the plans in progress is like
the different stages of testing
that we'd have to do. And like
feature testing options. Yeah
yeah, then the testing will be
more like we tried this and we
change it. Because of this we
tried of red button but then
people didn't understand that
color. Blind people can't see a
red button so we made it purple.
Some of that yeah, we will get
there. It's like 1 one paragraph
for testing. I'm pretty sure so
it's not really.
Get them the most important.
It's the plan in progress. I
think grade was. I'll get
back to you.
Once I get that draft on the
other one, don't know how look
at plans progress again and
just adding missing. Am I
gonna have to? I'm gonna have
to put their graph on the
website. I'm a yes or no.
Is it a connect graph
package? Do any of the graphs
that you're planning to do?
Yeah, I'm really excited. I am.
I just said just set a simple
table so I just a table. Yeah,
I'm thinking just a simple
table. Yeah, that's perfect.
At symbol in Word, but
it will be complicated,
but I'll add it, yeah.
Sorry.
I should make a tool for that.
I don't know whether to break it
down like say week one and then
days of week one or just week
one is what we plan to do in the
week week two. What we plan to
get done. Why won't wait too?
Think it needs to be
individually dyed.
Oh wait, sounds good.
Weeks, yeah?
Is 5 miles fast? Yeah, well yeah
weekly milestones. Yeah, this is
what we plan to get done. If you
could still say week one 'cause
everybody knows it's 705 working
days in a week and then go this
task is gonna take two days.
This is gonna take three days
and four days you know or you
know. Yeah, it's just different
people. Since we've done the
four weeks already, should
there be a third column with
what actually got completed?
And then we got pushed back.
Gay. Yes. Yep, for overlap
where had to be extended into
a following week? Yeah. And
then just maybe italics it
into the next week.
Yeah, just change, you know.
Change the order. Say we didn't
reach that, so they had to go to
this week. This weeks one Madden
pushed back to that week. We
fell behind because of this.
Texting technical issue?
I'm pretty sure we
recognize our goals there.
Yeah.
Wait, wait five find funding.
Yeah, I'm gonna go to Crown and
I'm going to try the blackjack
tables say here we go.
It is like on Facebook just
randomly popped it popped up
just gambles at Vegas.
It's fun seeing him lose
5 grand in two minutes.
Precision $75 skins in response
to lose that much money, just
give it to us.
SNL project yeah yeah.
And two grand I'm like, Yep, I
just saw you lose 5 grand 10
minutes ago. Like, not really.
That's the problem with
gamblers only said they only
add up. How much should one
know how much they've spent?
And I always think that came out
on top, but I got a friend down
in Melbourne. He can't walk past
a pokie venues that bad if you.
If you arrange a meeting with
it, you have to make sure it's
somewhere nowhere near a pokie
venue on his route. Otherwise
you just don't see him. He just
let you bring him and you're
like what happened? I just
stopped in to, you know, for the
pokies in for 10 minutes to have
a beer. And I'm like dude, that
was like 9:00 o'clock this
morning when they opened. You
won't ask, you guys are.
Oh, what time is it on like?
It's like 4:30 it so will
reschedule for tomorrow.
And like he always tells me how
much he wins, I want you, but I
know how much you spend.
He's like I can't that it's
depressing. Yeah well, the man
is is I want 10 grand yeah 110
grand how much yeah I broke even
spent 5110 it was fun.
I see my Maltese on Sportsbet.
That was the guy that you note
at Salado wouldn't honor his
multi. You can actually.
Because they messed up there
on the actual cash out your
multi snouffer stock.
Stock. Yeah, baby.
She's really cheers. That's all.
Cheers of Tabcorp so they never
actually have to payout their
money. They just keep it.
I'm investing in shares in
Qantas at the moment. Well, it's
so like I'm just gonna stop the
recording, yeah? If everyone is
happy with that. Yeah, we
got everything.
Costa Rica meeting.
Daniels Daniels still
stuck frozen.